BS-ENUMERATE-V1
Slice: rulebook/02-action-cards-and-resolution.md

p.2, JAB (TIMING: 1), italic:
"Quickly strike your opponent!"
p.2, JAB:
"If both boxers are in their corners: Do nothing. You can't reach your opponent!"
"If not: Flip one of your opponent's Guard cards from ready to exhausted. If all their Guard cards are already exhausted, do nothing. A Jab cannot break a Guard card (see Punch)."
p.2, RETREAT (TIMING: 2), italic:
"Backpedal into your corner."
p.2, RETREAT:
"If you are already in your corner: Do nothing. You're already against the ropes!"
"If you are in the center ring: Move your boxer to your corner."
p.2, ADVANCE (TIMING: 3), italic:
"Go on the offensive!"
p.2, ADVANCE:
"If you are already in the center ring and/or your opponent also plays an Advance card for the same action: Do nothing. You're just butting heads!"
"If not: Move your boxer to the center ring. If your opponent is in the center ring, also push them into their corner."
p.2, ADVANCE (worked example, italic):
"For example, Blue is in their corner and Red is in the center ring. Blue moves into the center ring, and Red is pushed back into their own corner."
p.2, BLOCK (TIMING: 4), italic:
"Cover up to block the incoming punch!"
p.2, BLOCK:
"If your opponent plays a Punch card for the same action: Ignore any effect their Punch has on you (see Punch). Block actions do not block Jabs."
"If not: Do nothing."
p.2, PUNCH (TIMING: 5), italic:
"Hit 'em where it hurts!"
p.2, PUNCH:
"If you are in your corner: Flip one of your Guard cards from ready to exhausted, then resolve your Punch. If you do not have any ready Guard cards, do nothing. You're up against the ropes!"
"If you are in the center ring: Resolve your Punch without flipping your Guard card. You've got 'em on the ropes!"
p.2, PUNCH (conditions, bulleted):
"If your Punch is blocked (see Block) or both you and your opponent are in your respective corners: Your Punch has no effect on your opponent; however, you must still exhaust your own guard card if you are in your corner."
"If your Punch is not blocked and your opponent has at least one exhausted Guard card: Break one of your opponent's exhausted Guard cards by removing it from the game and returning it to the box. You are one step closer to a knockout!"
"If your Punch is not blocked and your opponent does not have any exhausted Guard cards: Instead of breaking their Guard, flip one of your opponent's Guard cards from ready to exhausted."
"If both you and your opponent play a Punch for the same action while one player is in the center ring: The player punching from their corner must finish exhausting their Guard card (if able) before either player may resolve their Punch."
p.2, PUNCH (worked example, italic):
"For example, if Blue is in their corner and Red is in the center and they both Punch, Blue must first exhaust a Guard before both players Punch one another."
p.2, REST (TIMING: 6), italic:
"Take a breather!"
p.2, REST:
"Reclaim your discards: Take all the action cards in your discard pile and add them to your hand. Do not take any of the action cards currently in play."
"If any of your Guard cards are EXHAUSTED: Flip one Guard card back to ready. This is in addition to reclaiming your discards."
p.2, Fight phase continuation (under Rest):
"When you are done comparing and resolving the first action cards, DO NOT discard them yet. Leave them in place and flip the second action cards face up. Then, compare and resolve the second action cards just like you did with the first action cards."
p.2, Punch Examples (italic):
"If you are punched and have one ready and two exhausted Guards, you would lose one exhausted Guard."
p.2, Punch Examples (italic):
"If instead, you have three ready and no exhausted Guards, you would simply exhaust one card, leaving you with one exhausted and two ready."
p.2, 3) DISCARD:
"After you have compared and resolved both the first and second sets of action cards, place your two action cards played this round into your discard pile, and then begin a new round. DO NOT DISCARD ANY CARDS UNTIL THIS PHASE."
p.2, End of Game:
"Once a player has broken all 3 of their opponent's Guard cards, they have knocked them out and immediately win the game! If both players manage to knock each other out during the same action, it is a draw."
p.2, Tips (bulleted):
"You should never have both rest cards in your hand at the same time. If you do, you likely accidentally picked up your current action cards while Resting. When Resting, only pick up the cards currently in your discard pile and not the two action cards from that round."
"If you are in your corner, you need a ready Guard card for a Punch to work; however, you may still choose to play a Punch card but it won't have any effect. This would not force you to break your own Guard card."
"The state of the game may change in the middle of a round. For example, if your opponent Jabs and exhausts your last ready Guard just as you are attempting to Punch from your corner, you will no longer have a Guard card to exhaust."
"In the plan phase, you may place any action cards, regardless of their timings, in any order. The timing on the cards does not matter in this phase. For example, you can play a Rest (timing 6) as your first action and a Jab (timing 1) as your second action."
"In the fight phase, the first set of action cards are always completely resolved before the second set of action cards. For example, a Block from the first action will not stop a Punch from the second action."
p.2, Colophon:
"All game content is © 2020 Alright Games, all rights reserved. No part of this product may be reproduced without specific permission."
None.