BS-ENUMERATE-V1
Slice: rulebook/01-setup-and-round-structure.md

p.1, Title block:
"1-2 PUNCH"
"14+ AGE"
"2 PLAYERS"
"30 MINUTES"
"GAME DESIGN Chris Williams"
"CHARACTER ART Maristella Nicoletto"
"GAME ART Kalli Williams"
p.1, Flavor text (cover, italic):
"Ladies and gentlemen, boxing fans from around the world gather tonight to witness two titans clash in the ring!"
"In the blue corner is our challenger hailing from Newport, Wales, weighing 153lbs, 5ft 9in tall, the one and only, the notorious, the warrior: Cadman Morris!"
"Wearing red and white trunks, weighing in at 216lbs and standing at an intimidating 6ft 3in, an Olympic gold medal winner and our current heavyweight titleholder, perhaps the greatest of all time: Darius Akachi!"
"Let's get ready to ONE...TWO...PUNCH!"
p.1, Intro:
"1-2 Punch is an easy to learn strategic boxing card game that pits two players against one another in the ring. Predict your opponent's moves to land the perfect punch!"
p.1, Contents:
"2 Boxer Cards, 16 Action Cards, 6 Guard Cards, 1 Rules Sheet"
p.1, How to Win:
"Knock out your opponent by breaking all three of their Guards."
p.1, Starting a New Game:
"1. Each player must choose a color (red or blue) and take all cards of that color."
"2. Designate three areas on the table to make up the ring. The area directly in front of each player is their respective corner and the area in-between them is the center ring."
"3. The blue player must start with their boxer card in their corner and the red player must start with their boxer card in the center ring."
"4. Each player must do the following:"
"a. Place your three Guard cards next to you with the ready sides face up."
"b. Place one of your Rest cards face up next to you to create your own discard pile."
"c. Hold the remaining cards in your hand hidden from your opponent."
"5. If you are the blue player, choose one card from your hand and discard it. Next, you must name a card that the red player must discard. These do not have to be the same cards and are in addition to the Rest cards both players already discarded. Neither of these additional discards may be a Rest card."
p.1, Starting a New Game (worked example, italic):
"For example, Blue discards their Retreat and tells Red to discard their Punch."
p.1, Starting a New Round:
"Each round has three phases: Plan, Fight, and Discard. Both you and your opponent must complete each phase at the same time."
p.1, 1) PLAN:
"Choose any two action cards from your hand and place them in any order face-down next to your boxer. The card closest to your boxer is your first action and the other card is your second action. Both you and your opponent have the same set of cards and may look through each other's discard pile at any time."
p.1, 2) FIGHT:
"You and your opponent must flip your first action card face up at the same time and compare their timings to determine the order they are resolved."
"The player with the lower timing on their card must resolve their action first. If the timing is the same on both cards, they are resolved at the same time."
p.1, 2) FIGHT (worked example, italic):
"For example, if Red played a Jab and Blue played a Retreat, Red would resolve their Jab first since it has a timing of 1 and Retreat has a timing of 2."
None.